Ping:ping google.com
Ping is a command-line utility that tests the connectivity between two network devices by sending an ICMP 
echo request message and waiting for a response. It measures the round-trip time for the message to travel 
from the source device to the destination and back. In Kali Linux, the Ping command is used to diagnose network
 connectivity issues and to check if a host or IP address is responding to network requests.

Traceroute:traceroute google.com
Traceroute is a command-line utility that identifies the path taken by an IP packet from the source device
 to the destination device. It sends a series of ICMP echo request messages with increasing Time-to-Live (TTL)
 values, which are dropped at each intermediate router until it reaches the destination device. In Kali Linux, 
the Traceroute command is used to identify network bottlenecks and to troubleshoot network connectivity issues.
Traceroute is a packet-tracking tool that is available for most operating systems.
 This allows a hacker to determine how many hops a router is from the sender. 

Nslookup:nslookup google.com
Nslookup is a command-line utility that retrieves domain name system (DNS) information and resolves domain names
 to IP addresses and vice versa. It can be used to diagnose DNS-related issues and to obtain information about a 
domain's name servers, mail servers, and other DNS records. In Kali Linux, the Nslookup command is used to perform 
DNS queries and to troubleshoot DNS issues.

Whois:whois www.google.com
Whois is a command-line utility that retrieves information about a domain name, such as the domain registrar,
 contact information, and registration date. It can also be used to obtain information about IP addresses, autonomous 
system numbers (ASNs), and network blocks. In Kali Linux, the Whois command is used to perform domain name lookups and 
to investigate domain-related issues.

Nmap:nmap google.com
Nmap is a command-line utility that is used for network exploration and security auditing. It can scan networks, 
identify hosts and devices, and discover open ports and services. Nmap also includes advanced features such as OS 
detection, version detection, and vulnerability scanning. In Kali Linux, Nmap is commonly used for network 
reconnaissance, penetration testing, and security auditing.



Ping: reports the round-trip time for packets sent to and received from google.com.

Traceroute: shows the path packets take from the local host to google.com, including the IP addresses of the routers along the way.

Nslookup: retrieves the IP address of google.com and the corresponding domain name server.

Whois: displays the registration information and ownership details of the google.com domain name.

Nmap: performs a port scan on google.com to identify open ports and the associated services running on them.